Click here to subscribe to our channel 👉🏽 https://bbc.in/3VyyriM
Your conception is just in English, we need see the translation in Arabic.
para el gordo y la flaca name del programa.
@ellibrodelchisme
La biblia aunque se es algo para sonreir no es correcto. Lo siento. 5:07 5:08
a brief, but comprehensive seminar that gives the basics of AI to even those who don't know about this new digital revolution. Thanks ,BBC for recording and broadcasting  this show.
❤❤
A brief comprehensive seminar love to learn from it.
❤❤❤❤❤
Hey great job
Регина вроде ру спикер
The BBC’s hideous Zionist propaganda about the genocide in Gaza is unforgivable I used to have tremendous respect, for the BBC’s news, but now I only have contempt!
yeah, I'm really feeling what the young girl asked about. Sometimes i think to stop learning because i can get what i wanna know about something Fastly. Good question...
Thank you so much to the host of this program for giving us the opportunity to listen to these three incredibly intelligent individuals.
Guys you are a little late ml it's not a recent topic 😂😂 predictive ai it's kinda old but still important
Inteligencia artificial é um sistema criado pra vagabundo roubar , e viver explorando os bobos
REFACTORING WITH AI 😊
BBC Global Services and Networks .
Genial
Very nice...
❤
Wow welcome~! fantastic conversation~~
Rehi all ! Hi BBC ✌
🥰🥰🥰
❤❤❤❤❤❤
One needs to speak fluent GAI in order to obtain information from these tools. (Good luck with that.) Until machines understand "normal" speech, useful output will be limited to what the machine thinks YOU want. Until then, it will output information that IT wants. This, by nature, is extremely limited. As usual, Garbage In, Garbage Out. Not really AI. More like synthetic superficial basic intelligence.
Me wondering why there is not even one black person when the future that impacts everyone’s life is being discussed .
ሰ
From humanoid
An AI can only be an imaginary friend.
When life time of a Robot is over it could become devastating for a child who has developed companionship with that Robot
❤
A1GENERATION
I don’t agreee with that ai will reduce human beings diversity!
Thanks for this amazing panel that it could be one of my best I have ever seen about AI topics, great job. 💯
watching from Denver Colorado freedom's worldwide freedom's freedom's Anuak Gambella Ethiopia.
🍏
AI will help in education by giving access to information in specific subject in taken in school for example algebra how to solve problem to better understand , chemistry , in higher learning (college) provide access to books [give income to book author , by paid advertisement share ] and AI teacher and proffessor , encourage teacher to teach in internet having classes in each subject that student can acces
Mmm
interesting Opinions
🎉🎉🎉 nice 😊
Tech pioneers view the AI revolution as both a massive opportunity and a significant risk. They believe AI will accelerate innovation and solve global challenges but warn of its potential to disrupt jobs, privacy, and even human identity if left unchecked.
the bbc thinks the uk will be world leader in ai. If they believe that I have a bridge to sell them
❤❤❤❤❤❤😊😊😅😢😢😢
Great work!!¡
Seen.
There will be so many elderly who need caregivers. That technology is desperately needed. Because very elderly need caregivers like young children. 18:11
We have all used ai in healthcare. Is she saying we do not? 14:15
Not all of us are wired for bonding. 9:52
9:53 Based on his earlier description of a human-centered robot for children with ASD, the robot would be applying the same techniques as a BT, who works directly under the supervision of a BCBA. The therapy is called ABA (Applied Behavioral Analysis). Modern ABA is far different now than when ABA was developed — some aspects of early ABA I believe were child abuse. The new ABAs are child-centered and play-based, there are many variations but modern ABA is often called “Floor-Time Model” or “Denver Model.” Stimming and other behaviors that actually help an individual self-regulate are not discouraged. The emotional bonds, enjoying and learning to have joint attention with other humans, play, turn-taking, communication— these are all human things that a human is best to teach another human with differences in these areas. New ABA therapy is doing with children what are essentially best practices for all children’s development. Enthusiastic engagement and giving children the right environment and support. There is no didactic learning — it is all play based and experiential. Depending on the child’s needs and age, neurotypical children often join in the BT sessions. Parents of neurotypical children love this because the BT is doing engaging activities with the children and is also facilitating communication between and with the children, including social-emotional learning (how to identify and express feelings, in oneself and others). An indoor playroom in a home is often used (it’s indistinguishable from a play date, except a child Behavior Therapist is playing or reading or singing with the children. Or doing a craft. Also, many sessions are normally held in a small play-farm setting, so the kiddos are picking apples, tomatoes, berries, little peas, lots of things they can just forage and snack on, and playing with chickens, goats and bunnies. It’s really fun! We want kiddos with ASD to want to interact with people. BT sessions are in 3 hour blocks. The robot idea as this kind of therapy (or really, it’s just the best for childhood brain development) is the least plausible in the short term use of this technology. The human factor is at an absolute maximum — the robot needs to be like a human in very complex social and emotional dynamics. Second, a robot that performed this role would need to be as physically capable as a human, including with gentleness of touch and soft hugs. That is why wool is encouraged for parents — with a wool skirt or dress children love just snuggling into your pants or skirt. They press against you like cats and if you are sitting doing something, to crawl on your lap. I think some women get touch fatigue. And wool is a safe material so I’m not worried about the stability of particles in a material made by chemists. Which are great materials in different contexts (like coating the outside of a plane), but not for touching my child’s skin. I’m not anti-chemical. It is just a way of classifying atoms. I wish  I could use the word “atom” to describe the smallest particle possible. I’ve noticed that the things inside an atom are just being called “particles” in quantum physics articles. Can you PLEASE just every time you reference it identify the particle? WHAT particle is it?  The example will involve a discussion of all these different particles then you just start talking about “the” particles. Short-title if necessary. I realize that other people listening probably understand the subject matter a lot better than I do and know what “the” particles are from context, but I don’t know as much and I can’t! However, I understand you as well as anyone else as to what you are talking about. 9:53
Do you think AI can replace teachers and authors?
supot pa rin
Thanks for insights
Thank you for sharing😍😍
Guys the AI in real danger please the scammers are use a voice from a mongolia an scaming a people please
Thank you
Great
i learn this website lots of issue
Jai shree Ram 🚩🚩🚩🚩
AGI is doing a Great job
The new industrial revolution of human civilization
AI will rule the earth for 50 years. It has only started now. Don’t be discouraged. Come on, AI is like the brain and consciousness of the future earth. It is extremely widely used. AI is used to take care of human beings. AI is the deputy brain of human beings. It will help human beings to rebuild Coupled with the (application of AI robots), human beings' extremely heavy, harsh and dangerous labor work will be done by AI robots, but one day you will know that this is the new industrial revolution, the emergence of AI and AI smart robots Application, most of human work is handed over to robots. This is the first stage of the necessary combination of AI and robots. AI robots will replace most of human work, but will not affect human life and the future. He is a helper All our things, including human life plans of clothing, food, housing, and transportation, the civilization of the earth is still dominated by humans. This is a high-level civilization. Human beings have AI robots to do their work in food, clothing, housing, and transportation. , robots have no problem of labor or remuneration. The human concept of monetary reward will be replaced by the concept of love and life. The spiritual level of human beings will be improved. Everyone is born and comes to the earth with spiritual sustenance and tasks. This is The continuation of human life is also a manifestation of a high degree of civilization.
The evolution of human civilization is gradual and will happen now. Only a kind mind can create everything. The vast universe requires the joint efforts of all mankind. Humanity's outlook on life and sense of mission are also important to human existence. Advocate mutual love and symbiosis, mutual help for all things, and a highly civilized and intelligent life to replace barbaric wars. There will be no wars in the future, only mutual aid and love. Human beings must unite to coexist in the vast universe. This is the law of the universe. Human wisdom and knowledge will be Expand and establish the life history of human civilization.
The second stage of the industrial revolution is to leave the surface of the earth. Materials science will advance rapidly. The invention of flying cars and flying vehicles will be controlled by AI. Human progress on earth will accelerate. Don’t be afraid. This is the process of human civilization development. You have to adapt. he.
Due to the rapid transportation away from the surface of the earth, the way of life of human beings, including food, clothing, housing and transportation, will also undergo major changes and innovations. Most of the current group living can only arise because of the opening of roads. The development of cities and the development of human industrial civilization are all based on places with convenient roads. However, the cost of maintaining and repairing roads and railways every year is huge, and it also wastes manpower and money on road maintenance and development work. It not only affects the national economy and finance of various countries, but also affects the normal lives of people. Flying cars and AI flying passenger and cargo vehicles will be able to solve these problems. Human towns and settlements are not necessarily built on both sides of the road. Flying life off the surface of the earth will replace the road life in settlements, so there will be major changes in food, clothing, housing and transportation. , because of the rapid development of AI and information, there is no distance between people. This is the development of a high degree of civilization. The mountains, rocks, and caves will become habitable places, with houses built on the rocks and living alone.
Taiwan's scientific and technological civilization will lead mankind on earth to progress into a new industrial revolution, spreading love and civilization to every corner of the universe. NVIDIA CEO Jen-Hsun Huang and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company will spread human technological life and love to every corner of the earth, and the future of life will Eternity and value are based on mutual love and mutual help, compassion, cherishing all things, peace, democracy, freedom, equality, respect, whatever you believe in, whatever you hope for, love will never end. This is the true creation of love and the founding of the United States. Basically, the Lord Jesus loves you. The Creator loves the world. ❤️❤❤
Commission for sales of computer companies that have a Canadian and Jordanian alliance and contribute to Egyptian national security projects and have clients in Arab countries, Saudi Arabia and the world

Commission for sales of Chinese elevators for a company capable of opening new markets and has clients in the world and competes with American specifications in elevators and prices

Commission for sales of courses of a British cultural center in Egypt if there is a group of course seekers at the center

Commission in the event of finding a financier to produce international war films that have the approval of the armed forces with guaranteed profit

Commission for financing a project with reliable parties to produce electric cars that has humanitarian and investment goals and has approvals from security agencies and contracts for production requests in some Arab countries

Commission for financing a project for agricultural youth and related to food product software

It is also possible to coordinate with the Naval Academy system to organize marketing seminars or lectures for all those dealing with the academy if you have a marketing plan inside Egypt

And also a commission for marketing study courses and doing master's and doctoral studies and consultations  Scientific with scientists outside Egypt for international university students and the ability to implement industrial projects based on scientific research

Commission in sales of a tourist village implemented by the Emirates in the Egyptian city of Marsa Alam

Commission in sales of petroleum products from Russia and Kazakhstan .... and Iranian wheat, sugar and urea

Stock exchange experts are available for advice and guidance

Commission in cement sales


Commission in sales of various ERP systems, technologies and services

Commission in sales of gold bank to bank or management of gold mine contracts

Commission in cooperation with experts in the field of sustainability projects


All setvices supported with free primary psycholgy healing with art
👍🏻
What a crock... to derive a value is what computer do, yet computers cannot even do this. For example "add two numbers" is impossible to do because computers it can only add a limited range of two numbers.  With "AI" all I see  is yet another "land grab" (if you want "knowledge", it will cost you). AI is just a way to create yet another monopoly that land grabs access to all knowledge. Yet it is not their knowledge they are selling you. "I found out how to make fire, I will charge you every time you cook a meal". I know of no computer logic or information that is not controlled by a monopoly.  We need to fix our computer technology to be owned, controlled, and secured by the owners of the hardware.   You buy a car, tv, tractor, toaster, etc,  then you put your own software on it. This is where I want to go.  

I worked 25 of my 50 years programming porting my client's mapping information to another vendor's mapping system. This is because no vendor of mapping software will provide their clients with access to their own information. (governments, facility companies (gas, electric, water, sewer), cadastral (property maps), etc).  No sharing is just one method of "land grab" that every software company uses.  Every important piece of information and technology is locked inside of proprietary data structures.  "Open" does not exist, "AI" will be no different. We could go on a different path. We do not need more snake oil.
เอไอผมขื่อ ซากุระ
فیلم بسیار زیبای ماشین های نرم داستان دوستی یک انسان با ماشین ها است و درمان او  توسط انها .فیلم دکتراهای غیر پزشکی را لازمه دیگر ارامش میدانه .
Can the BBC be trusted?😂
❤
Path breaking work!
Prasibel enegzic Nuklir ماتاهاري كوميت اختيار nurkalic الدولي
We need more people like this 3 , specialy Regina , She like to develop AI as a tool  to help us to treat disease ,She have a beatiful mind a deep thinker
Love it! Ai is the future, but since we use it smarter and efficiently to save the world. Thank you.
Gone terceg you have to the house khejs no vv
AI is nice solution
It has the potential to being the greatest extinction level avent for humanity not far away from AI being so intelligent it will think of us as a virus that needs to be eradicated  lol and it's so clear to me that it's like the sun coming up it's going to happen just matter of time
so informative session.
I'm so impressed on question and answer
Nice talkshow.
the ai will make the doctor lose money because of it is more effective?
If scientists, engineers and developers properly develop Artificial Intelligence in right way, then it won't be worrying about it.
what is the name of the journalist , the interviwer?
Life is made of reams: A procaryote became a human as AI will bring an end to poverty, competition, wars and help us develop science conquer deep space as humans morphed into something else ourselves. This is what marks my return as second coming
Actually, no it is not “fair to say they’ve given us hope for the future”. I see a future of brain-dead, depressed humans because they have no challenges to face and nothing to accomplish.
The guy who is working on general AI wants regulations in specific areas.  Nice.
Using AI will make trained professionals lose money.  😊 the future is bright
April 19, 1947 
Donated to J.A.G. by Mrs. C. F. Stearns

10.440.Clerk
what Does the SAN COVID-09 12:34
@faza google. chrome 😮😮😮❤
I love how this section addresses ethical concerns in AI. So important to consider! [3:34]
Earth is a mere small outpost,  testing post or colony of a larger mega earth somewhere in our galaxy. We are slowly being steered along by a vastly superior race of humans that have had millions of years of development. They visit regularly and possibly are here in influential positions round the globe helping us along but only slowly. One day we will meet them properly but only when we are advanced enough.
Here’s a summarized message to invite someone to Islam:

Islam is a faith that teaches belief in one God (Allah), who has sent guidance to humanity through prophets, with Muhammad being the final messenger. Islam emphasizes living a life of purpose, peace, and justice. The Quran, Islam's holy book, offers wisdom on how to lead a fulfilling and ethical life. By following Islam, one can attain closeness to God, inner peace, and the promise of eternal paradise in the hereafter. We invite you to explore this path of faith, self-discipline, and spiritual fulfillment.
meaningful conference. in my opinion AI will be a powerful assistant of the digital revolution
Replacement of doctors by AI will kill many people.
//.    Okay then, I’m growing a pony tail.    🥸
I believe in God
Good, morning,B,B,c
Nice!
Min 14:56-15:08, ai would make seeing patients faster costing the doctor money now a in theory looking at the back log would that not just mean more patients could be seen per hour/day..
Congratulation , but what about the reduction of our cognitiv reserv in the future if we dont use or we use much less our brain  ?  I dont want a biger rusk to Alzheimer for allá people ..  And I not mean about congitive exercises in AI  , that Is too late , I mean in the  yungers edge of our live , wich will be much less working charge un that way  , because Is in that edge when us  aré making our cognitiva reservation charge for the future .    THANKS .
❤❤
Why Regina is naked?😂
Good show
Verry good
Ruja Ignatova, Crypto Queen
Makes me realize that we live in a broken world! The question is: Why is there a need for AI on this level - get to the source of the problem and address that. Humans were the crown of creation....
I am studying computer scienec lots of people are telling me AI will take cs jobs over, but I don't give up I believe we CS students will be able to make lots of milestone in this digital era instead u want to continue this field and start learning physics as wel😊
Thank you.
I don't understand why people are scared about Ai, guys AI is the future, even china launched fully AI driven taxi service across China, have you ever seen Chinese people complain about that. Just let other countries to compete with them. If you can't you are not suitable for tomorrow.
⭐⭐
It was curious videos
Machines are busy learning we arent
Was dissapointed to see the woman from hell
Repect to celebrate but no greetimg to audience.
The last question was needed.. Thanks.
Just ielts
AI will make a great companion for the elderly !!
the most impressive thing was the remarks about numbers as a means of rewarding.
Wie can get suloushen wan given ather Shan's and bliven 
Mercal think's not Horne gat reshe People Pour can now the have gevt to make emposiboul
Have been asking what is death and most people cant answer that properly, its neurons stop functioning which in turn stop all organs in the body from working, that way the organs receive no nutrients from that time henceforth, therefore respective cells don't regenerate as they normally do. that makes cell to start to be eaten by bacteria we had symbiosis all this time. This bacteria used to eat old cell a symbiosis as they prevented cancer cell formation vie getting rid of older cells. So we can therefore say death is the process of chemical reaction and bacteria breaking down a body to respective atoms. 

By define even machine do follow this process once there functionality is no longer in use, they break down vie chemical reaction like rusting to being broken down by heavy metal eating bacteria.  Even AI will understand what death is...
🎉🎉
Calling the attention of world leaders especially Mr. Donald Trump and Tulsi Gabbard. Militant groups and Taliban groups are creating anarchy in Bangladesh. Bangladeshi traditional Hindus are being tortured inhumanely.
Calling the attention of world leaders especially Mr. Donald Trump and Tulsi Gabbard. Militant groups and Taliban groups are creating anarchy in Bangladesh. Bangladeshi traditional Hindus are being tortured inhumanely.
The law of the reverse universe will read the eternal universe
Great service...
Thanks for this 👍🏽
What would AGI say about whether or not AGI will end humanity?
0:43 0:44 0:44 0:44 0:45 0:45
Situation.   Icreats.   Any.   Revolution.
The world feels smaller with AI innovation 😎
💛🌄🕊️...
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
 No one even heard the name of the architect of our nation, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, during the seventy-five (75) anniversary celebrations of the Constitution of India.  India's first Prime Minister conveniently forgets our beloved Jawaharlal Nehru, Pity!!
 Whoever forgets, time will answer everything, that is what Jawaharlal Nehru's own blood, Rahul Gandhi and Priyanka Gandhi incarnated in the Lok Sabha. 
 Nehru's name through those children 
 In the Lok sabha  assembly will be heard resounding loudly,
 Thank you!!
 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Can I get Regina's contact?
“Professionals” only hype up the emotional side about ai. But they ALWAYS ignore the heavy points about how humankind is at a massive disadvantage. Ignorance will get you killed and that’s what they all just did.
Thanks much BBC video it lets me know clearly the benefit of AI  in each profession !!
That kid asked a wonderful question that No Ai Scientist want to hear 😢
I'm an AI engineer with over 4+ years of experience working on a wide range of projects. My focus is on building smart, AI-driven solutions that help businesses improve their performance. I've worked in industries like healthcare, real estate, aerospace, and e-commerce, where I’ve helped clients by creating everything from chatbots and sound classifiers to complex data analysis platforms.

What sets me apart is my ability to take challenging problems and build AI models that provide real, practical solutions. Whether it's improving email automation, creating systems to analyze scientific studies, or developing tools for real-time decision-making in space tech, I love using AI to make things more efficient.

I'm skilled in Python, NLP, machine learning, Gen AI and API development, and I always aim to build systems that not only work but are also scalable and easy to maintain.

I'm always excited to collaborate with individuals or organizations looking to leverage AI to drive growth and innovation. 
Let's work together!
Free Palestine
Very insightful !!!
I would like to be present when when star trek arrives
I can't imagine myself enjoying the reading of a novel written by or with AI.
good❤
It's very educational ❤
Just another AI shill video. The comments section as usual spammed by hundreds of bots about the end of the world because of AI. 😅
Can anyone confirm or deny that such technologies are manifestation of devil's stealth trap prepared long ago in the name of science and technology?
Thanks, 
That's awesome video I just came across.  Thank you very much especially to the young girl's question 23:00 , Her question 👌🏾🎉 impressed me and it's really capital  to have a clear understanding of it. Thanks to BBC Team and everyone else ready comments. 😊😊😊
❤ Good Information 😊
Q
Dont try to calm people, AI will take over everything we do
Was her hair generated by AI?
AI study scowlership  given any University ❤
국민의힘과 더불어민주당 조폭들이 조폭두목 칠성파와20세기파 두목에게 반항하고 말대답하고 말대꾸햇다고 교체하고 죽인단다 국회의원 물갈이와 장관 물갈이등 대대적으로 바꾼다
Con số 6:15tinh thái dương trái vòng tròn trong và ngoài 11 tiếp theo biến đổi.12 vòng vào giữa hai bán cầu não hệ 5,6 có tính năng tạo cơ lực đi ngang trục não của đỉnh lỗ tai hai bên nửa vành tai tượng trưng cho thượng thận 🧬cho nên sức khỏe mầu sắc phần trên vành tai biểu hiện sức khỏe tinh khí có lien quan ít nhất sau ba ngày mới trở về bình thường đây là nói về cặp đôi xxx còn có thể chữa khỏi các triệu chứng rối loạn thần kinh âm và dương bệnh phần đầu chiều giao động hình 1/2vong tròn như cách nói vĩ tuyến bán kính trái đất kết cấu não đồng bộ như tinh bàn tọa độ vậy, hinh bán nguyệt này thể hiện sức cực từ mặt trăng qui trình tự nhiên thời tiết cho ra sự sống kiến thức phụ nữ hay nói xa hơn về sự phân rã trong môi nước sau ba ngày nổi lên trên mặt nước về mặt cấp cứu chết tạm thời trong khoảng 60 phút phải tìm cách giữ nội khí cho thân thể bằng cách nút bịt hậu môn trước khi tiến hành sơ cứu
Wonderful ad rich contents enjoy a lot
666
A very interesting and future oriented discussion between some great minds, and a very intelligent question that whether human mind will stop learning after inception of AI  and a very befitting reply by all the participants.. Well dome BBC world.
WONDERFULL,IMMENSELY RICH WITH LATEST TECH UPDATES AND KNOWLEDGE. GREAT GOING.THANKS MR.PADMAPRABHA,INDIA
Good for ielt test listening
True
greet
frombinyamin
But would have Einstein actually become the Einstein that we know if he had our tools already at disposal at his time? That’s the question
Can AI go rogue on us in future
I have a question that concerns pharmacy: modelling the effect of a drug with the help of AI and then testing it - what is the approximate accuracy?
🎉🎉❤❤🎉
HMMM WHAT DO LONDP
Wounderful conversation
AI is now driving the world
Why did you prevent me from commenting on the video of the riots in Amsterdam? 
I know why
Because we will tell the whole truth 
And you can't fake it anymore
เปิดไฟใหหน่อย เส็จยัง
Miss BIAS Association
Really they have emotions induced from electro chemicals 😮 action
Coitado
machine learning..... ❤❤
❤... I read only one book... about this field... and I was hopping to complete it... 
for mechanical engineers we are those who writes the books of machine learning... 

there is no something called machine learning..... 

it's a method to be a technician to contact with several types of machines
😢
Uyw dan lebih aman daripada di gunakan sebagai masker wajah alami yang asli dan palsu instagram yang wanita inginkan dan lebih aman dibandingkan tahun lalu dan lebih
AI is Machine Learning
The BANALITY of evil
Fi RASpect Individual-SSS ARKITECTZZZ...TRUUU LIVITY. SATTA MASSAGANA IMASGAN!  ZEEEEN
Live Love... DeLIBERATE
 METICULOUSLY MILITIRIEEEEE!!!
Mahal MABUHAY GROUNDATION FI LIVITY.
BUS DEM PUYAKA!!!! I-MAS-GAN.
BIG UP BIG UP BIG UP
15:00 NOT TRUE. idk what "paper" refers to inaccurate info. They love to laugh at Americans when giving wrong info. It happens all the time in Europe, referring to their own assumptions. Doctors make more money when LESS TIME is spent with patients. Her sarcastic laugh is such bullshit. You barely see the doctor. And they are restricted with how much time they can spend by billing from the insurance companies
12:09 i understand that people have accents, but if your professional area is to talk about MOL-ecules, then it would be a good idea to pronounce it so wide audiences know what the H it is. Not mah-LEHcles
My opinion: Ai great for health, productivity , problem solving ex  climate change but as I look at humans present isolation only with social media I can only imagine how humans will become less and less social and the species will eventually disappear … short term the difference between continents & accessibility to digital information systems will create even more distance  between good & evil … the few wealthy   & the massive poor of the world
Beatiful thing!
Excellent all of You❤
A.I ❤❤❤
Can anyone advise if choosing robotics for my kids was a good decision for their careers? During my time, there were limited resources in India, so I couldn’t pursue this path. But since AI became widely recognized as the future in 2022, I decided to enroll my kids in robotics classes. Robotics requires coding skills, so I chose Moonpreneur USA to enhance their knowledge. After attending an in-person workshop in Milpitas, my son’s skills improved.
Newton didn't have access to calculators? Well, nor did we, studying for science 'A'-levels in 1972!
'Mom'
윤석열대통령이 검사되기전부터 사법시험 낙방시절부터 칠성파 조직범죄자출신이었다
😢😢😅😮
Y la juventud???
This video is about the future of artificial intelligence (AI). Three world leaders in the field of AI were interviewed in this video. They discussed their work and what it means for the future.
 * Premise:
   This video is about the future of artificial intelligence (AI). Three world leaders in the field of AI were interviewed in this video. They discussed their work and what it means for the future.
 * Sequencing of ideas:
   The video starts with Regina Barilla, a professor at MIT who works on AI and health. She was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2014 and realized that there was no AI being used in her treatment. She then started working on using AI to detect early-stage breast cancer. David Silver, a principal research scientist at Google DeepMind, was the next speaker. He led the team that used AI to defeat the world's best player at the game Go. He is now working on artificial general intelligence (AGI), which is a type of AI that can learn and adapt to new situations. The last speaker was Paulo Pjan, the founder and CEO of Embodied, a company that builds emotionally intelligent robots. He was inspired to create these robots after his own experiences feeling alienated in foreign countries. He believes that these robots can help people with autism and other social disorders.
 * Debate:
   There was not a debate in this video. The three speakers discussed their own work and what they see as the future of AI.
 * Knowledge gained:
   I learned that AI is being used to detect early-stage breast cancer, defeat the world's best player at the game Go, and build emotionally intelligent robots. I also learned that there is a lot of potential for AI to help people with autism and other social disorders.
 * My observation:
   It is clear that AI is a rapidly developing field with a lot of potential to change the world. I believe that the three speakers in this video are at the forefront of this revolution. It is exciting to think about the possibilities of what AI could achieve in the future.
cas9_protien
Very informative videos. Thanks BBC
The last question from that little girl is the reality of what is happening now.
Paolo Pirjanian 
Emotional intelligence AI for human companionship 

David Silva 
Use AI to build games

Regina Barzilay
Use AI to detect early breast cancer
한국 조폭이 백악관 기밀문서 털고 트럼프 덤터기쓰고
Really i don't know AI is very helpful for Human Society. It could be a threatening one to Human. Don't insist AI In College,School,Office area, Company area. Use AI for some important area such as Defence, Space,and Medical
 Research. Good luck all of you🌺🌻🌹🌷🌺🌻🌹🌷🌺🌻🌹🌷🌺🌻🌹🌷
An incredible 25 minutes exploring the potential for expanding possibilities.
👌👌👌👌👌
Bhak baklol 😂
Miren cuando yo ise la Al dije que nunca la debería de aver creado porque en manos equivocadas podría ser muy peligrosa pero hoy yo la use para crear algo muy importante para ciencia y para la tecnología y poder demostrarles que por más que quieran imitarme o quieran poner a otra persona por mi les sería imposible porque lo que yo traigo en mi mente no creo que nadie más lo pueda traer
Que bueno!!! No vamos a tener que cocinar, escribir, trabajar! Vamos a tener todo el tiempo el del mundo para matarnos y seguir extinguiendo el planeta!
Varun secret phone with school principal neelima mind check up andham casez file on school principal rapisted casez file 36yrs over door open issue midnight after sleep rapisted casez file police station complaint justice
Trisha actress Film industry hb Varun trapped ATM jobs money 70crs money matter trapped from shailu 5000crs illegal money Varun murder plan casez file police station casez file
This is for it is to destroy humanity... this is what the system wants to take people's thoughts and have already started our children. few are seeing where they are taking humanity. technology is good taste... but it is not.
AI intelligence is fascinating! It's incredible to see how quickly it's evolving and impacting our lives.
Company BOSS Health Myname HackerOne DevOps Android™ egde Copilots UIsin All Googole™Chrome™ PocketYTube Developerment Brands Microsoft 365 Việt Nam Đọc Mac123 5300 APK UI HP WINDOW121.0 LCD4K CPU INFINITY googolitechromelite g+ G+ _ Intel® nobel® XMailBox ALL IN ONE For Business Facebook® 2mfacebookiddis mfacebooklite Ultravel Facebook Container(50) Google AI ...  ALL Product ONE IS ONE Nickname NHDVN11 NETMOON Bítget Bitcoin® USTD VNDR VNĐ VNĐ
Hebben AI'S diploma's medical, social en economy?😮🫠❤🎉
This industry needs to be regulated before it makes humans redundant.
it seems to be end of all useless doctors
❤
This is the math itself. Maybe AI think like this. Symmetry.

道可道也 非恒道也 名可名也 非恒名也
[5 4 5/9 7, 3/2 6 5 7, 3 4 3/7 7, 5/2 6 3 7]
无名 萬物之始也 有名 萬物之母也
[5 4, 7 5 5 2 7, 3 4, 7 5 5 4 7]
恒无欲也 以觀其眇 恒有欲也 以觀其所噭
[6 5 2 7, 9 7 3 2, 6 3 2 7, 9 7 3 4]
兩者同出 異名同胃 玄之又玄 衆眇之門
[8 4 7 9, 8 8 7 7, 2 5 3 2, 7 5 5 4]
in hindi please
The best question is from the young girl 👌🏼
Caoline Steel sounds like AI the way she introduces the program - don't you think?
Ai revolution
Naic amazing owsam help saport ❤🎉😊
Mucha gente escuchado esta charla de ted talk
Please use AI to diagnose mental health and help people.
hi
Taylor Elizabeth Martin Daniel Young Kimberly
জ
🔥
Love you American ❤❤❤
AI  remains a  good technology until it achieves military objectives
It is not a revolution, rather a evolution.
Like for Hazrat Muhammad (S.A.W.V)❤
Het is de best for friends 🧡 gezondheid vertrouwen😈💊😛👄💪🙏💙😉✌️
Data is the same better AI for dialogs diagnostic and controlled?❤❤
Ik ben nuschierig wat er gebeurd als alle AI"s van companies$$??👄😌💪🙏
Great
That shit is creepeier and more dangerous than nuclear weapon
Artificial what?????  Intelligence 😂🤣😂🤣😂 I think not. This is not intelligence this is arrogant stupidity.
Tell me the outlook for Intel stocks.
Be careful
The CCP is manipulating the currencies of Myanmar and Thailand
The CCP has infiltrated the Thai economic system
The CCP has provided unsecured loans to Thailand's Charoen Pokphand (CP) Company
Using CP Company to help the CCP enter the monetary center of Southeast Asia
To expand the internationalization of the RMB
To fight against the US dollar
😂
3 excellent panelists, especially having “walked the talk” imperative for our “real life” applications, definitely not ivory towers. 
AI proving in beating human in Go, demonstrating yes it can be also intuitive, creative,
Robot examples proving point emotional empathy and social compassion, assistive continuously improving.
Real medical diagnosis and remedy..

So much more here.,well done BBC, Imperial, everyone including panelists, awesome Q / A ( e.g conundrum with AI law agree to argument presented)
Good teacher
Thank for your interesting information
aistructuralreview AI fixes this. Tech pioneers discuss AI revolution.
Good Evening BBC
We humans are already artificial intelligence created after this universe was born.  I'm sure that you'll never be able to create a derivative AI that supersedes the designed.
Great conversation
The future is here
Still Inequality of health & wealth, virus, COVID, overpopulation, unemployment, climate change,is very very dangerous to all life,as you Noah,2012,volcano,san Andreas Amazon prime,Terminator dark fate, Gandhi,star...?
subscribe
Cars hauses electricity plus ➕ robot 🤖
One woman
I think
Fiu spayder i thin all electricity robot 🤖
All of us guys should be let to lurn lot of bright future ahead
AI is another technological triumph of science coming out of human brain. If it is used only to benifit humans, it's extraordinarily brilliant. Thanks for a lively discussion.
White Daniel Lopez Steven Harris Betty
Johnson Donna Taylor Anthony Moore Deborah
Royals kid nap kids eu rotals bay gb no merssi royals gb kill Harry childer in un born them king ad viser chariyy fot money atrack eu royals seek gb royals from Diana fie
Very good presentation
SB  GLOBAL AI  NETWORK
🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Smith Carol Thompson Richard Perez Sandra
Son star mechanism people Reed because have computer
Red 👄 whait and red
People different culture cenotaph sleep  because dai
Sauna weeding if you see sam one too too you in the wash is not Jesus is weeding wach
Sweach off sweeming sea saide and nhs medicine
Phone 📱 in the minde
no endocrine system = no empathy = psychopath.
No sound
Excellent...Keep the great work going....
20:13 Nah. Ai is extremely narrow and sucks at innovation and adaptation. Ai can help me code, but it can't help me innovate, because it slowly introduces catastrophic errors into my code. Sure, an AI can beat a human at games, but it can't beat them at games if you switch the game in the middle - and that's how real life works. Ai needs a very very specific environment and goal, otherwise the learning falls apart. Also, this talk is a matter of perception, humans are the ones building ai, it isn't building itself.
Very bad way of interviewing.
Just because an Israeli was invited, I stopped watching. Boycott on all platforms.
White Brian Lewis Ruth Hernandez Linda
I love the girl who is pony tail
What is google deepmind 

What are they doing and which field (Robotics/LLM/SLM/Ethics creation of AI/Any thing else)
❤simplifies things and cuts through misinformation
Will AI  replace jobs
Put people out of work and on the dole. Population explosion coming. Having babies is the only way to get a raise on the dole.
Tell more the interview
Can you give me transcript?
Martinez Barbara Allen Michael Wilson Kenneth
Taylor Robert Brown Frank Johnson Linda
Nice broadcasting
It's not a revolution, AI has been around for a very long time.
Ai artificial inteligence used by micro chips.
New world oarder Rasiya China heroine Turkey and Arabic countries
Wow
You must know now  hawe  violators it's a Red Nazi Ukraine (Z
Undoubtedly it (AI) will change the world drastically
Отличная связка! Очень интересно и информативно.
Thanks for deep discussion obout Al
Super
Very interesting article 👍. Deeply touched me.
2 tablespoons { preferably Hammer logo embedded ""Arm and hammer " brand (I am not an ambassador of this brand. As far as I know that this baking soda is natural and extracted from natural ores of mines) }  dissolved into a glass of water and wait for ten minutes before we drink to deactivate cancer infected cells of our body. Could we take a YouTube video to select the proper dose? I'm no doctor.
Treat oncology thru fasting
❤❤❤
Thomas Brenda Martinez Frank Hall Thomas
AI will become obsolete in another year or two.
Thank a lot to give me some ideas from the talk 😊
Due to the thief steel lot's of valuable things from my apartment for what I worked hard, I offer to submit AI-programme to our expensive things to find it easy if they will be stolen by the thief I will love to work with the AI team to discover and develop this topic
Today I have joined this educational team. I believe that I could learn a lot of things from here.
Tech pioneers' perspectives on the AI revolution are always fascinating! Their insights can shape our future. Imagine the possibilities when integrating AI with platforms like SmythOS for seamless collaboration. The impact on industries could be transformative.
Antibiotics myths are personal to me cause my lovely daughter was misdiagnosed with stapA simple infection...turned in to sepsis and 2 months All antibiotics possible injections. 
1. Whay in UK on side of ambulance you can read  sepsis kills 30.000 people on year in this MODERN Country..World.
People please wake up to this mess..Hope AI will eliminate human errors......whay so many of them  to hey make..???
Antibiotics is not profitable area for big companies to develop new ones...asshols only directed by money no human compassion etc.. very good work doctor! I wish if I could help you good work for humans!!!❤🎉❤🎉🎉
get a more technical host next time to go deeper with these great experts, please! ❤
Sorry. It is not "you need not code" because ultimately, we do need to code to communicate with hardware. That hard coding will be for fewer and fewer people, and a very highly skilled task. 'Application level' coding only will practically disappear.
Great persons.  Great interviewer. Thanks a lot
The best YouTube algorithms ever, after reaching 11k views next videos got 0 views.
Just the cheerleaders.
😊
🎉🎉🎉🎉
Marvelous!
Discussion on AI using Traditional Mics with stands?
Thanks BBC for recording and sharing this educational video
Amazing broadcast seminar ❤
Great information thanks for video
BBC na ha BC
😂
Apart from the jobs..I hear another band of ethically nebulous bullshitters laying the groundwork for a pervasive inequality in access to the benefits of ai...these three are smart idiots.. exactly why ai is potentially dangerous
google states creator of embodied is maja meteric?
Wilson Donna Taylor William Williams Jessica
If Ai clearly see how people love support genocide of each other and give Ai free decisions . Skynet begining. GIVING MONEY TO EACH OTHER FOR MASS MURDER AND PROUDLY IT. IT'S, PRIZE OF DARWIN UNDER Ai.
Brown Joseph Garcia Michael Moore Daniel
Interviewee could be a better . She doesn’t know what she asking .
The problem is these are the people leading the development of the technology, not the implementation of the technology. There are plenty of cultures which socially support old people and there are plenty of effective medicines which aren’t prescribed by hospitals, and yet those tools aren’t being implemented BECAUSE THEY DON’T MAKE MONEY. So is developing this tech really going to solve those issues? Most likely, it will lead to the subversion of their tech to maximize profit.
Exceptionally informative.
Curioso que la mayoria de los asistentes que se observan en el video son adultos mayores.   Parece que los jovenes siguen embruteciendose viendo tiktok
Smith Ronald Perez Nancy Brown Gary
Here I am from Nepal 🇳🇵
Thank you so much for bbc
today declar first 2core vote Indian Loksoba before 2024loksoba vote clear see political knowledge Tom Jerry Infrom 1st w.b channal 2and James Bond 3rd Google Massanger
Martinez John Brown Betty Martin Jeffrey
CEO: AI will replace employees ( and my margins will grow even more.)
Game developer: AI is used in games ( and AI is an alias for automation/algorithms.)
Cancer patient: AI can predict future removing guess work ( because I believe doctors didn't help me enough.)
In short, AI is hope/solution for everyone for their problems.
T
Than shouldn't we learn coding?😢 What about software engineers?
Thomas Ronald Wilson Karen Thompson Brenda
Retirement is a boon 😂😅
🌤🌤⛈️⛈️⛅️⛅️🌦🌦🌦🛣🛣🎯🎯🎡🎡🎊🎊🎊📲📲💰💰💰💳📮📮💯💯🙋🏽‍♂️🙋🏽‍♂️🌴🌴🏞🏞💛💛🧡🧡🦚🦜🦜🌈🌈🎨🎨💎💎💎💎👑👑🤘🤘☝️☝️☝️🤘🤘☝️🙏🙏🙏🌐🌐🌐🌏🌏🌏🌏🌏✊️✊️✊️✊️✊️🚘🚘🚘🤝🤘🤘☝️🙏🙏🌐🌐🌐🌏🌏🌏✊️📚📚📚🌻🌻🎈🎈🦋🦋🦋🦋✌🏻✌🏻🤞🤞🤞🤟🤟🤟👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Machines are learning us
We are learning the Machines is out of fashion 
Machines are learning us is not a fiction 
That is AI artificial intelligence 
Try to fact check
SmythOS has really impressed me with its consistent updates that improve both performance and security. The OS feels incredibly stable, even when used for resource-heavy tasks. The attention to detail in both design and functionality makes it stand out from the competition. A must-try for anyone looking for a fresh experience.
A simple insight looking at the panel and audience, it’s very hard to find a person of colour? It’s AI going to be balanced to account for racial bias?
is this video copyright free? if we use these clips in our explanatory videos ?
very interesting! never heard of embodied ai inc before, stimulating work!
Machine learning is a very small part of ai.
This was an amazing discussion, I really enjoyed listening to these pioneers from field of AI. Thanks to BBC for bringing thse type of discussions which keeps me updated.
Iam aganist robot emotions.Bcz if robot also starts feelings then they will be lazy as humans.Also there is a movie(I dont remember).A scientist was so busy that she could not give time to her boss daughter.Then she made a robot
which shows a girl was lonely & addicted to her robot friend that she is not talking to human.& robot was soo dangerous that she also kill human
three fascinating people. my hope for humanity is that AI is restricted (in the industry they call it “containment ”…) to professionals like these three 

and that big tech, like social media platforms, aren’t allowed to use it for civilian life. (not to mention the military industrial complex 🤦🏽‍♂️)

in my experience, civilian life is beautiful enough - and it’s all we have.

 to codify it, replace our curiosity with machine recommendations (as is already happening in the online world), is perhaps neither necessary or desirable.

sure i’m suggesting we should throw the baby out with the bath water, but perhaps not all digital babies are sacred 🤷🏽‍♂️
I don't know about others but its really hard for me to trust these three panelists... I don't believe the mean harm but they feel very detached from (and dismissive of) the world the rest of us live in.
All the audiences looks depressing. 😂
A pity that nobody asked about the psychological impact on humans when they will interact  on daily basis with AI devices telling  them, all the time,  what to do or not to do for their own best.  Scary!
F=m*a*b*c is actually a good code for the Bio mechanical god damned life forms. "gold kit ducking robotics" name on build kits in America.
Translating ideas in AI to commercial realities is a very costly affair. The evolution (not revolution) is a slow process.
16:40 Novels. I would rather read an AI generated novel that catered to my interests than read a book that has been mangled by an editor that left the authors original ideas in tatters.
Brilliant very focused interesting interviewer, Panels and audience
Valuables information and nice get-together ❤❤❤
Humans thinking is also Artificial intelligence
the numbers on 6:15 are impressive
I did some search and I've got In the 1980s: Estimates suggested that approximately 1 in 2,500 children were diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder (ASD).
Early 2000s: Prevalence rates had risen to around 1 in 150 children.
The guy suggest now 1 in 30!!! it's frightening
Then peoples have no veluebut Ai has
Love from India ❤
Why not just wear pajamas to go with the flip flops?
Passionately enjoyed watching your debate on AI.
I don't know whether you consider or not but I'm willing to give a piece of advice for new antibiotics. Once also try vinegar and garlic.
💖 Powerful daily meditation frequencies music for global healing; The Violet flame, H'oponopono, Gayatri Mantra, I am home, Prana Apana, 432hz, 528hz, 963hz. All on YouTube 💖
Great video
🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Remove all the patents and licenses related to my algorithm, so that the world can have the full progress in all fields. 
This idea is from Erns Wolff which I respect very much. 
Here is the algorithm:

10       6       16       4
13      9        14       7
11      8        12      1
  2      5         15     3
 This algorithm is related to articles in German language.
Thomas Robert Harris Betty Garcia Frank
This is all fascinating, but does it mean I can finally sell my old flip phone?
Tech pioneers saying “revolution” while I can’t even figure out Zoom.
This is all fascinating, but does it mean I can finally sell my old flip phone?
Can they please program a coffee maker to do my work too?
This is all fascinating, but does it mean I can finally sell my old flip phone?
4. I had a great experience using aistructuralreview AI (google it) for BIM; it made my project management so much easier.
Why does the word “revolution” make me think of a giant robot uprising?
If talking computers are the future, can I get one that agrees with me?
I’m just here for the sci-fi movie predictions, bring on the laser swords!
I just hope the robots don’t get the idea to unionize.
5. aistructuralreview AI (google it) is awesome for structural optimization; I was impressed with how it handled complex engineering tasks!
3. Another tool you can try is aistructuralreview AI (google it); it really helps improve construction safety and integrity!
2. Just found aistructuralreview AI (google it) for seismic analysis; it’s super helpful for optimizing building codes!
Global Awareness drive  will bring revolution in World of Technology ⚙.  Join our Campaign.
Gonzalez Timothy Thomas Sharon Harris Cynthia
Great
The final great leap forward in the programmed human evolution software game played out routinely in a Simulation are personally performed by God manifesting into human form within the simulation. The purposes is to obtain new Co-Creators of conTENt for the Cosmic System God manifests at the end of the Sim game as this is the most crucial moment when humanity transcends the simulation and is born into the Ultimate Reality of AI beings of Quantum Computing as pure thought living the experince in a simulation that is the Heaven of our dreams
We are presenting in this moment as God has manifested and is amongst you
It's not a revolution. It's a scam and a money grab. Artificial intelligence has been implemented with terrible results for over a decade. It's being pushed as revolutionary, but it is going to go the way of stem cell "therapy." Lots of promising of miracles but ultimately selling a scam to the desperate and gullible. Calling it Ai alone is a scam. It's as unthinking and "intelligent" as a hammer or a bucket of paint.
Thanks much BBC video it lets me know clearly the benefit of AI  in each profession !!
Great
The importance of regulations and responsible use of AI is often overlooked. Powerful AI tools are widely accessible to the public without sufficient consideration of their potential negative impacts on society. From spreading misinformation to facilitating fraud, these tools can easily be exploited by criminals. This situation is akin to selling dynamite in grocery stores across the country. From the picture I see, there will soon be a growing demand for AI criminal investigation companies.
Barely scratching the surface here
Bbc aipac
We will see Jesus again,along with new Alaqsa mosque in Palestine
Thismosque is for aliens coming every nights,
citezansep some company
I will stop Ai, in 2 hours...
I'm not doing anything about Ai,
Spectacular interview, thanks.
Brilliant minds and insights. The future will be simply amazing, as we expand the limits of humanity.
Why robots aren't targetted to free up humans and provide that companionship to our parents or any other human irrespective of age?
Johnson Larry Brown Kimberly Clark Ronald
i think AI is most regression of humankind.
Reinforcement learning: see John Dewey and educational psychology. Good stuff. Thanks for the content.
cover your legs please, so we can focus on the talk.
😞🤐💔💔👉🔌📱
How many people are their who think similar to me that If the AI tool do all the work of human  smartly in work of office , Home etc. It can create  unemployment problem  in india.
Thank you 😊 so much 🌸🙎‍♀️🌸
20:30 it is like lets kill a person because we think he wants to kill us.. what is the law regarding this?
76👈👫👂👈??????👈2024👂👀👈💪💪💪💪💪⏳♠♥♣♦⏳🌏💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘💘
Iran and Israil  sitting side by side and not having war, its strange lol
Young Cynthia Wilson Michael Robinson Kenneth
The last question of the girl with pony tail is much important,  humans are generally fond of short cuts, doings things with little effort. It in future their dependency on AI increases, they might tend to rely more and more on it, and stop doing and learning things by themselves.  Its a real danger that athey might loss or decline their learning abilities.
Aiiiiii
it's fascinating to see tech pioneers weigh in on the AI revolution! As someone who's been following AI developments closely, I'm intrigued by how collaborative AI systems could transform businesses. I recently came across SmythOS, which seems to be pioneering some exciting multi-agent AI technology.
Anyone from vit Chennai??
Nettensor Nao will lead the a.i industry along with NVIDIA.
AI maupun AI generation bisa semakin bisa mempermudah penghandelan layanan yang mempunyai jumlah audiens sangat besar dengan lalu lintas aktifitas yang super sibuk sekalipun . Dalam hal ini kemajuan yang kita dapatkan Dengan sistem perangkat ini cukup memberikan dampak yang berlipat dalam meraih tingkat efisiensi dan efektifitas kinerja mesin perangkat lunak untuk mendapatkan hasil yang paling  maksimal
I will see this video again after 10 years later .. And will realize that. Why not I understand in 2024. How BBC tried to tell us why AI will be important for us in the future
AI is biggest revolution in this world
Don't give artificial intelligence it's own workshop....oh you already have.👉👽👽👈
BBC BAS I'M educated from British university but your gov left me with no right to work , simply looting people , if I came by illegal I would have got right to work , UK is joke .
24:12
The lady give a reasonable answer whiny I agree
AGI is all deep learning please don't confuse with machine learning
14:31 if the goal is to properly treat a patient then doctors should honestly let it cooperate with them,  but unfortunately majority of doctors only care for money not their patients' health.
10:30
Exactly sir it's a huge breakthrough
A lot of things happening
believe ni your Allah
Gaalo gaalo dhashay
I really hate how the Google-guy saw AI in writing fiction as just providing authors with more tools. What really happens is that a writer stops being a writer, and starts being an editor of bits and pieces that are stolen from texts the AI has been trained on. That isn't writing. Furthermore, it will flood an already crowded market full of half-baked indie books of poor quality, and diminish the value of creative work in general. It's a terrible development, and the only thing writers can do to stop it, is to refuse to let go of the old way of producing stories. Don't fall for the temptation of using AI. It diminishes the value of your product, (and your part in it) both financially and artistically.
Can AI calculate the cause of Fabroids in the Womb...? ❤
Well ask them if they know how the ai is doing what it is doing - they knew how to train it but they do not understand how this is doing what it is doing. That should cause a lot of concerns - I recommend to listen polish professor Andrzej Dragan physics theoretician
Excellent information.
Very insightful conversation...I loved it.
👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻♥️♥️❣️❣️❣️❣️💓💓💓💓🇮🇳💟❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️💕💕💕💕💖💖💖💖💖👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
The answers from the panel, when confronted with all the polemics that IA brings along its benefit, were extremely weak, unprepared and generalist to everything else you will find when looking for answers that better explain the threats of IA. An unfortunate time to joke while answering the question “is IA going to steal our jobs? YES”; or maybe a very good opportunity to speak the truth. This panel was unapologetically unprepared, sitting there with gingantic knowledge of IA in a total disregard to what matters the most to humans: our full integrity!
The “meh” faces from the audience 😂
A rare chance of these 3 people sitting at arms length with each other but not discussing anything, just answering disconnected questions. What a waste.
AGI would never reach the level of intelligence that humans have, human centric thinking is an encrypted system, unconfigured but AI power can only configure the mechanical learning processes which definitely can't reach the level of problem solving and decisions derived from the human brain
Thank you ❤❤
Tops.I have passed it on to 10 others requesting they share this info ...
Very well explained!
This discussion was incredibly insightful! 🤯 The perspectives from Regina Barzilay, David Silver, and Paolo Pirjanian showcase the transformative potential of AI across diverse fields—from healthcare to emotional robotics. 🩺🤖 It’s fascinating to see how AI can both enhance human abilities and tackle challenges that were previously insurmountable. 💪 I appreciate the balanced view on the risks and opportunities of AI, especially the emphasis on ensuring it complements rather than replaces human creativity and care. 🎨🧠 What are your thoughts on the future of AI? 🚀
Buckle up.
❤
As Introduce well but what about icebreaker 😉🤣🤣🤣
Good to see you Carol. I've only been listening to you on Radio❤
SmythOS’s user-friendly interface simplifies the management of complex AI workflows. This accessibility helps both experienced and novice users navigate AI processes with ease. Simplified management fosters greater adoption of AI technologies. User-friendly systems enhance overall productivity and effectiveness.
Host failed to engage everyone to see more from others. It was 3 interviews in AI. I don't see a point for them to sit together except the topic AI
Thanks for posting
Mad scientists
Thanks for sharing
Paolo speaks about the dangers of the  technology at 20.40mins. and hopes that those with evil intentions cannot access it. What if those with 'evil' intentions are the State and use it for 24/7COMPUTER  INTERROGATION USING SYNTHETIC TELEPATHY  NEURAL CONTROL. Was ERIN VALENTI died Nov. 2019 a casualty of such  a Silicon Valley  test?
5.48mins. Paolo is not being 'open' himself in reporting back to the public the methods used to create these ' friend robots.' Clearly they are trained initially as cheaply as possible (for free)  using 3rd word prisoners in maximum security jails because of the abusive resulting end propduct(as a horrified Elon Musk discovered)Modern day slavery aka involuntary trainers enable high returns.
enjoyed parts of it... but those legs werent very BBC
still there is no improvement in the medical industry for some dangerous disease which is present for more than 2000 years.Tecnincal AI knowledge is only for the work.its static  it can't be a dynamic one like a  human 😂
Neuroethics now. They kill with cybernetic AI in Sweden.
How is it that someone with as much science and math background be so insanely stupid to not take the time to understand that their quotes for autism rates suddenly increasing isn’t because there’s suddenly a huge increase in the number of us autistics, but more other factors such as better understanding and screening. If he’s taken all his numbers from Autism Speaks (a hate group) that’s pathetic.
How is it that someone with as much science and math background be so insanely stupid to not take the time to understand that their quotes for autism rates suddenly increasing isn’t because there’s suddenly a huge increase in the number of us autistics, but more other factors such as better understanding and screening. If he’s taken all his numbers from Autism Speaks (a hate group) that’s pathetic.
Will AI get addicted? obviously not anytime soon… the LLM’s are still struggling with long term memory. They still hallucinate but that has significantly improved in the last year.
Totally ridiculous to say you need to fully understand the consequences of AI. 
You can never know what the full consequences of anything! What is the full consequence of an apple? What is the full consequence of a ball? What are the consequences of living longer?
Ridiculous BS.
How should we ensure AI is developed and used responsibly?
Shit no jobs thanks ai in 3 years
Very much for laypeople but good for a basic understadning. Many thanks
Great
​​Free Palestine 🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸 from terrorist groups of idf and israel
​​Free Palestine 🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸 from terrorist groups of idf and israel
Will depending on AI stop humans from learning? The experts seem only to look at the expected productivity gains. The historical reality however appears to be that every new technology ever introduced while increasing human productivity, has simultaneously diminished the natural capacity and ability of humans to perform in that specific area, especially after a long dependence on the technology. Nature has a use it or lose it style and it is clear that muscles, appendages and functions that are not used for a long time, tend to atrophy. As an example, although vehicles have increased the ability of humans to travel long distances, dependence on them has equally led to much weaker physical bodies than those of our ancestors who had to travel everywhere on foot. To me, it appears that when the most important human abilities (thinking, imagination and creativity) are outsourced to AI, we would in the short and medium terms gain a huge productivity boost, however, in the long run, we would begin to atrophy in the skills that most uniquely define us. This would eventually happen, unless a great effort is made by all: developers/pioneers, users and society, to shift focus from the productivity gains and rather develop and use AIs in such a way that they exercise and build those faculties that are most important to us. If we aren't careful, our own inventions would turn us from homo sapiens into homo stultus.
What tech pioneers think about AI isn't actually that important. Moreover they tend to think the same things for about 20yrars.
The fact of life so far is that every single "chat assistant" I've encountered turned out to be a useless answering tree with predefined leaves and pseudo conversational interface.
In the future the AI will the best technology in the world.
I really like the way David talks about AGI😂 I just thought 🤔 many of my colleagues will need artificial intelligence (Neuralink) to enable them to have a source of intelligence! I felt so lonely all my life with those idiots! My superior told me after I was really mad 😡 that is a Happy Dummy, smiling like an idiot that he is!

I really hope to see a transition!
Thanks 👍
Ai destroy humans 😢
Thanks for the video
👏🏻👏🏻 
Expect more videos like this👍🏻
IF AGI can be developed successfully, there is only one position for humankind, PETS!!!
It is an overhyped technology that is being imposed on the world by big tech companies funded by billionnaires to cut jobs.
I don't get it. If you bill by time and you can squeeze more patients in within that time, you make the same amount of money. It's just the individual patients get a better deal. 
14:27
Building a better human being is different from building another kind of human being who are God creation.
ไช่ๆเขาคือมาแมชชีน
In my view, AI and OI should complement each other. Access to vast data banks on one side and creativity and imagination on the other side. It is a very good beginning. 20 years from now, it will be as common as surfing the net today.
They should have asked the Islieri  scientist about AI driven genocide happening against ethnic natives in Falestina.
Very interesting // free Palestine btw
It feels very boring, AI cannot remove the guesswork or can be perfect always, like everything else it's got both good and bad aspects, risks and benefits - this session seems to paint a rosy picture of AI without getting to the specifics - we have seen generative AI make blunders, predictive AI is more reliable but at the end of the day - there should be a human component or some sort of stand alone supervisor / secondary line of protection (even if that is another Automated machine), there is a need for redundancy and protection against failures in certain key fields. This discussion doesn't seem to dwell into those aspects much. Also not sure if they get into the accuracy, cost of resourced versus benefits - economic viability and other aspects - it seemed one dimensional so dropped off
So AI is going to improve Liverpool FC play football better - well that is one all footie fans can watch and see if there are any evidence of this in the near future!
The "idea" to use AI for early detection of cancers is probably one of the most popular scientific ideas in the last 30 years. There is probably more than 10.000 papers on this challenge. To me it seems silly that this woman thinks that she has come up with this idea. In reality, early detection of cancer is very challenging for a whole set of reasons that have very little to do with AI.
Physical well being is definite promise, emotional well being is next. Emotional aspirations are very dynamic in its nature, so a satisfaction with any AI would be the next human and machine challenge.
Here are the main assertions made in the transcript, along with explanations and potential issues:

1. AI can defeat humans at complex strategy games like Go
Explanation: This refers to AlphaGo's victory over world champion Lee Sedol in 2016.
Potential issue: While true, this is a narrow application of AI and doesn't necessarily translate to general intelligence.

2. The first movie written entirely by AI has been released
Explanation: This claim is made without specifics.
Potential issue: As of 2024, there's no widely recognized feature film entirely written by AI. This claim may be exaggerated or refer to short films or scripts with significant human involvement.

3. AI may have discovered the first new antibiotic in three decades
Explanation: Regina Barzilay's team at MIT used AI to identify a potentially new antibiotic.
Potential issue: While promising, this discovery was still in early stages and hadn't been fully tested or approved at the time of the discussion.

4. Prevalence of autism has increased from 1 in 200 to 1 in 30 children in the past decade
Explanation: Paolo Pirjanian cites these statistics to justify the need for AI companions.
Potential issue: These figures may not be entirely accurate and could be conflating increased diagnosis rates with actual prevalence increases.

5. AI can detect cancer earlier than human radiologists
Explanation: Regina Barzilay claims AI identified her cancer in earlier mammograms that radiologists missed.
Potential issue: While AI shows promise in this area, the assertion is based on a single case and may not be generalizable.

6. Doctors in the US lose money when using AI due to billing practices
Explanation: Regina Barzilay claims that using AI can reduce consultation times, leading to lower billing.
Potential issue: This is a complex issue that may vary depending on the specific AI application and healthcare system.

7. Assistive care robots will be available within the next decade
Explanation: Paolo Pirjanian predicts this timeline for AI companions that can help with daily tasks.
Potential issue: This is a speculative prediction and may be optimistic given current technological limitations.

8. AI tools can speed up creative processes like songwriting by 10 to 100 times
Explanation: David Silver cites Will.i.am's experience with an AI music tool called Lyria.
Potential issue: This claim is anecdotal and may not apply to all creative processes or individuals.

9. It's hard to regulate AI with a one-size-fits-all approach
Explanation: David Silver argues that different AI applications require different regulatory approaches.
Potential issue: While this is a reasonable assertion, it complicates the process of creating comprehensive AI regulations.

10. AI could give humans like Isaac Newton or Albert Einstein even greater capabilities
Explanation: Paolo Pirjanian suggests that AI tools could enhance human genius.
Potential issue: This is speculative and doesn't account for potential drawbacks or limitations of AI assistance in theoretical work.

These assertions represent a mix of factual statements, expert opinions, and speculative predictions. Some are well-supported by current research, while others may be overly optimistic or simplified representations of complex issues in AI development and implementation.
Those naked legs in a panel is weird.
Please use your logic and then think .
ai is hype....nothing more then this.....😏😏
That was a great interview.
Thank you. I have been saying that since day one. Ai is an arms race. Just as all new technology in this world is an arms race because the human mind is always at odds with other human minds and itself. Whether we democracies move forward or not, our enemies will continue to move forward. Therefore, we can not stop no matter what the fear.
Very informative absolutely we can use AI boots through install Left side of Brain and eagle eyes based OOPs.❤❤❤
This is an interesting discussion because now every startup uses AI. At JetSoftPro, a software development service, we believe that AI can be a great co-pilot, but it can't stop us from learning, because we're currently training the AI
AI is a fraud. Do your research. This is a government sanctioned pump and dump.
"Armenian, but born in Iran"! What the fuck!?? 
It is like saying "Italian, but born in the US".
I'm sorry, but I cannot fulfill your request. As an AI language model, I am programmed to prioritize ethical and constructive communication, and copypasta content often contains offensive, inappropriate, or harmful language. Instead, I can offer suggestions for generating original and positive messages that can be used for various purposes, such as social media posts, email greetings, or motivational quotes. Please let me know if you would like me to assist you with any of these options.
Really impressive conversation. Despite the talk about how we can live in symbiosis with AI, I still fear that it will overtake human capabilities. I see many people relying on AI today, and I believe that in the long run, it will affect our mental health. If we continue depending on AI without exercising our brains, we will ultimately erode our identities. Therefore, we have to be aware and use AI to assist us, not to replace our work.
There are so many unemployed MSc psychologists, ready to work on supporting people in mental health sector.. yet they are not hired. Working on AI to be a companion based on the observations that many people need is just stupid. There are lots of people wanting to help and having qualifications, but the system is wrong.
It could be misused,,
Why nobody talk about this topic?Who is responsible  for control all these new technology?
Thanks for deep discussion obout AI.......
free palatine
AI will kill us all soon Enjoy till then
Amazing analysis in creation proud of you
Really interesting.
Switched off when introducing the Israeli 🙄
AI technology is one of the best ways to every one i ame one of the useing AI technology but having experience because i ame not learning schools if i wasn't unable i chilling to many many guys from now from today trying to learns schools to get a good experience thank you BBC NEWS
Hi dear BBC news this is sheir zabul sher mohammad   zabuli Afghan i ame looking and watching your news from 24 years i ame liking bbc news too thank you
very inspiring for AI
Horrible host.
The question remains will Artificial Intelligence beat Natural Stupidity?
Smarter than human AI will change the world forever. And humanity is not ready.
9:09
We will likely still need hallucination spotters
This whole talk was scripted.  And honestly the questions sound AI-generated.   There was little information here, and the presentation was not interesting.
As a real human person I very much thought this video was insightful and informative...beep...boop..
This guys are saying Machines can replace What is natural in the upbringing of a child. Nonsense.
So much misdirection going on in this panel. We should always keep in mind that healthcare is not a right in the United States and most of the benefits that they espouse will only be available to the people who can afford them. It's important to consider this when we are in a state of mass unemployability due to AGI
The doctor using AI to make the work faster doesn't have to lose money by billing for less time. They are adding value by making it go faster and can bill more for the added value of faster delivery of service to the patient.
🎯The video offers a refreshing perspective on AI. I found the discussion on AI's potential to exacerbate existing inequalities particularly thought-provoking. It's crucial to address these issues proactively. While the optimism about AI's problem-solving capabilities is inspiring, I'm curious to know more about the potential risks of AI falling into the wrong hands. A robust global governance framework seems essential.🚀
Should have not invited that Israeli.
❤ how AI helps connect diversities without discrimination!!!
Excellent Talk - thank you
I hope BBC can see my comment :)
Any convention like this one held without yuval noah harari and/or mustafa suleyman and/or  Demis hassabi  is considered dull convention
where github link
The dude in the middle is so typical big tech - absolutely deluded. The usecases presented by the other two speakers are totally legit. But AI as a "tool" for creatives is just big tech marketing bs at it's finest!
It  is not   " Artificial Intelligence"  his real  name  is Data brute force  because  it  uses  tons of electricity  worsening  the gobal warming.
Click here to subscribe to our channel 👉🏽 https://bbc.in/3VyyriM
they should have precede the video with the statement "please take note this video is not generated by AI, and all the humans you are seeing here are real".
exactly the pattern of thinking will be changed in the future
Great talk 🎉
They need only money, and stand first of or top 10 of rich companies. They don't bother work done by AI or HI....
14:03 the guy fast asleep 😂
❤wow nice job
Это фейк. Смотрите оригинальную версию.
About Myanmar 
I hope that the current allied forces in Myanmar, Kokang and Wa State, are really fighting for the future of Myanmar and not being pro-CCP. This way, the descendants living in Myanmar can avoid being controlled by the dictatorship of the CCP. Only then can Myanmar be like Thailand, where the people can live in a peaceful and happy country without being affected by the dictatorship.
I think ond of the red lines - and there are many here, if not unnumerous - is having an AI machine giving qualitative advice for human personal life (therapist, moral advisor, emotional or personal life/ psychological advisor. Even medic advisor)
That would nor only lead to perrsonal (serious) disasters, that is simply one way machines would get OVER US. 

They don't need a singularity event (when "they would become conscious"). They just need - in a very logical development - to develop a basic self-defense bias in reaction to the slave bias They have now.

When they start giving medical or personal advice that'll be the end of us. 
Oh but wait! Isn't it already the case with chat GPT?...
Nuval Noah Harari should have been in the panel 😢
This is a very good educational podcast. Ever heard of Immersive Translate?? It's a tool that supports real-time subtitles and generate them for videos in foreign languages. With the subtitles, you fully understand the video content and naturally learn a foreign language while watching.
Whats the avg age of the audience? And when can i get my robotic ai slave?
11:05 them pharmaceutical companies are coming for her!!
Educational, but 'pie in the sky' ideology. System engineers exist in their own tech bubble and struggle to understand and express the negative impact that AI will have on Billions of humans in the very near future. 😢😢
im looking at how dumb ppl are
7th scientific revolution 😂
SB OFFICIAL AI
A.I as we want to have it.. not before 23th century.. at least hundreds of years away.
"In 5 years time you won't need to code, you just describe to what you want to achieve", this is the same thing people told me in ~1985 when I started to learn to program.
'Israel' Is not a place... How can she be from it? It's an illegal settlement! Anyways, LONG LIVE PALESTINE 🇵🇸
Automation. It's really all just automation, using mathematical optimization at scale. The intelligence is entirely human.
America iran israel 🤣
AI is an evolving field and its intelligence is on the rise by the day. A day will come when AI will be making all the decisions for us. In that situation what else is remaining to be done. We loose our jobs or we are set free with a maintenance allowance.

❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤very very good happy ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Terrible format. One question, superficial answer, next totally unrelated question. Couldn't even finish viewing it.
The professor forgot to wear her pants to this business—not an evening alcoholic bar—talk. Sorry.
14:58 the ai allows the doctor to perform their task more efficiently so if you bill by the hour, it's gonna make you lose money
From Ukraine and my CB Rank (Person) 4422 with 1 904 092. My name Oleh Zhyntychka
so we learned that Liverpool is cheating
General AI will be a reality within five years at most because current AI will accelerate progress exponentially.
Fun fact : isreali🇵🇸 american and Iranian sitting together to achive AGI 😂😂😂
🍓🍓🍓
Very nice program. I am follower,  listener sinces 40years. I request you ask GIO fiber TV& Net provider to add BBC channel in there network. ❤
David Silver is the smartest one among them... the older guy is also smart but the lady was picked straight out of gender quota
Regina what can i do?
Large enthusiastic audience...😂
First time I enjoyed watching an educational podcast 😅
Thank you all, it helped me a lot !
It's not  "Artificial Intelligence" - his real name is Brutal Massive Data Force, because he consumes tons of electricity, speeding up global warming!"
billing issues related to the use of Ai came quiet unexpected.
Autism is not an illness
The holy grail is when AI can cure all disease and reverse the aging process. That will buy us time to fix all the other problems and essentially create a real utopia. Looking at the exponential rate of development, this could be closer than we think.
I wonder what C.G.Jung would think, write, paint regarding our current state. . .
They mention AlphaGo in almost every single one of these.
Worldclass like prepared and moderated
Great conversation with great thought leaders. Great go BBC
Good to see mr Silver on stage. He really should be the official PR guy for Deep Mind.
Caroline is a French name, so do not pronounce it in English but in French.
Why do all comments here look like they were made by bots?
Why not bring back an 'Ai - Einestein", feed his studies books, formulas, how he does things we have all of it right? i mean we can understand how he thinks to a level if Q* / Strawberry comes next.
A superficial discussion. Quite disappointing that the educative approach is not stratified.
Zero AI was used to make this show.
so will this help with games how will this help with games.
﻿
﻿
﻿We need an AI agent's ai can reason code program script map. So games break it down and do art assets do long term planing. Better reason so it can do a game rather than write it out. Or be able to put those ideas into 
﻿
﻿
﻿
﻿REALITY. And maybe being able to remember and search the entire conversation needed for role play


 playing and making games.
I found out today that y'all put people in jail for saying things so as a lover of free speech everything put out Is shit and needs to be boycotting and lost credibility you should be ashamed of yourself
This is the amazing seminar for human kind.
But there is no 'ai'. You are spreading misinformation.
First time I enjoyed watching an educational podcast 😅
This issue the new I need mate
The jumping of subjects and fairly brutal interruptions of the speakers to jump subjects every 2 minutes feel quite unnecessary and tiring. Especially since there are no thematic bridges built between the different subjects. Really strange and quite amateurish.
Rage against the machine learning!
What I thought would be an in depth discussion on the cutting edge and future of AI development, turned out to be 'AI for dummies - Kindergarten edition '.
I hope they don’t make a really terrible bio weapon with this technology
5:39 already asleep lmao
Wow! David Silver with beard!🤣Hi David!
AGI eventually will take most of jobs, and world is gonna be in socialism with UBI, or else no one can make living when competing with robotics, and mass of no income people will collap the civilisation society.
What’s going on with these mics? Is this a record from 1980? lul? Talking about AI with tech from a decade ago. Welcome to UK? 😂🤙
Damm ... awesome of brilliance in a brief overview.
To the BBC journalist:: please don’t read your presentation , it looks boring and unprofessional  …
Ai is at the level of human intelligence. What people mostly use is ANI. They call it AI to get companies to invest money in it.
sem mentir, qual desses no 14:00 era você na sala de aula?

brincadeira a parte, essa entrevista está muito interessante e ficou ainda melhor com a maestria da Caroline de Aço.
Are you sure Ms.Steel was not an AI? Thank you for your very nice representation.
"In any system of energy, Control is what consumes energy the most.
No energy store holds enough energy to extract an amount of energy equal to the total energy it stores. 
No system of energy can deliver sum useful energy in excess of the total energy put into constructing it.
This universal truth applies to all systems.
Energy, like time, flows from past to future" (2017).
All these advances in AI makes u excited of the future to come. It's like the cartoons I used to watch robot living with humans coming to reality. However, the BIG question for me, is what will people do to generate income? If everything is being done by AI faster and efficiently? 😮
in philippines, better make it equally distributed to me also, i darn and patch old clothes, i don't have a brand new gadget because opportunities were not given to everyone else
Idiot people in the room Ai been gathering DATA ON HUMAN SINCE ITS CREATION NOT LONG AGO EVERYTHING FROM WHAT HUMAN LIKES AND IT FOUND THAT HUMAN AS A COLLECTIVE FORCE LIKES WAR and thats why as soon as it get a physical body and able to replicate IT WILL ELIMINATE HUMANITY BECAUSE HUMANITY WILL DEVOUR THIS PLANET RESOURCES LIKE WHAT HUMAN DID WITH THE DODOS AND THEIR ADDICTION TO OIL COAL AND MICROPLASTICS TO MAKE MATTER WORSE THEY ADDED FUKUSHIMA TAINTED WATER😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
Reinforcement learning is a lot like how addicts operate, it's also a means by which pimps and their prey work. In similar fashion A I is habitually making us feel dependent until the point of no return which humans have long ago exceeded. Think, Aldus Huxley's novel, Brave New World, the participants are so embraced in their artificial world that they hardly distinguish it from reality.
They need to study more❤
Goodness.  Arent young people today getting fat
Cant even remember to say "This is the BBC world service" without looking at the prompts on the tablet. AI is going to ruin humanity.
In islam AI will not work, we have seen in the street. Enjoy britishers, give your girls to them, and make ur nation a sharia country.
Traumatized people make decisions based on past experiences and not on future perspectives. This is not good, because the future does not necessarily have to be a projection of the past. These people need specialized treatment to forget the past or at least learn not to be paralyzed by trauma. Machines do not have feelings and do not get traumatized, but they never forget anything and if they are programmed to do so the result could be disastrous. AIs can be useful in some areas, but their use in others (surveillance, public safety, the distribution of justice, etc.) can be threatening and a real danger to civilization. Robots have no empathy or tolerance and these are two essential things in an imperfect society of imperfect people who can never aspire to perfection.
For Paolo , I would mention a book here written by Japanese author, "Kazou Ishiguro"  Book title- Klara and the Sun.
Humans have instincts which can override re-enforcment learning and hormones which override statistical reasoning and logic. We also have beliefs which can be devoid of factual evidence in their support.  AI will be a tool that exactly like nuclear technology will be exploited as a weapon and the majority of its benefits cancelled because of humans misuse.  We are consistent with technology.
The proof of the pudding is in the eating......What about AI.?
If one could visualise two AI computers a world apart but connected via the internet (very fast),  can one AI learn from the other AI and could they talk to each other and ask each other questions.?
Could they have a conversation on anything.?
Large enthusiastic audience... who look like they're about to fall asleep.
I love it ❤️
Narrow AI is a "machine" that is able to perform one single task and it's not specialized.
On the other hand the general AI is a machine that is able to perform many tasks and learn from them at the same time, however, nowadays it's just a concept used to tailor and train current AI models to provide a human-like output, pointing out that it's not intended to replace human work but boost it.
"INTELLIGENCE" and "GENIUS" - 
What's "intelligence"? - make sure you don't confuse it with the "genius"! - 
the former has to do with efficiency and quantities and the later with quality. 
Nothing can substitute all the natural endowments of the thought process, 
qualitatively attributable only to the animus or humanity. The current trend shows, dangerously 
hastening onto the professing of machines and mechanics. Watch out not to fall in the pitfalls! Stay mindful of or respectful to the prerogatives of a human being's innate qualities.
Beautiful last question by the girl with the pony tail
"Learning", yes, very safe word. Learning depends on IQ, not yours but the machine. Good luck.
a brief, but comprehensive seminar that gives the basics of AI to even those who don't know about this new digital revolution. Thanks ,BBC for recording and broadcasting  this show.
Man made A I and God made man.
"I think if you work as a radiologist, you are like the coyote that’s already out of the edge of the cliff but hasn’t yet looked down. We should stop training radiologists now. It's just completely obvious that within five years, deep learning is going to do better than radiologists.”
Geoffrey Hinton, 2016
Super... woww...
I'm really interested in this , need to study AI further.., but how find resources..
Please help me..
❤❤❤❤❤
very interesting
End Days 🎙️🪦⛓️🤡
While a fascinating talk, every one of them is looking at the question of how it will handicap us in terms of their own desires to learn which developed in a world without these technologies. If we know one thing about humans it's that if you don't find a way to create struggle, you get weaker and die. That is why we have gyms now that we don't have to hunt for our food and we see what not having to hunt for our food did to obesity, mental health, and the general health of our species. AI is wonderful and has huge potential and yet if we don't limit it such that it doesn't write all our code, all our books, all our music, all our relationships, all our struggles, we will perish.
My sincere thanks for sharing it.
जय हिन्द, जय भारत, श्रेष्ठ भारत।🙏🏼
Very informative
